My favorite Turning Award winner is Leslie Lamport, who won the prize in 2013. To summarize his contribution, he plays an important role in the theory and practice of distributed and concurrent systems, notably the invention of concepts such as causality and logical clocks, safety and liveness, replicated state machines, and sequential consistency (Malkhi, 2019). In other words, he has greatly advanced the reliability and safety of computing systems. For the Nobel winner, Amartya Sen in 1998 was awarded Economics Sciences to “for his contributions to welfare economics” (The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel 1998, 2024). I would like to use the computer to make data more accurate to facilitate decisions about people's welfare.

In this new era, computer science can combine with economic ideas due to computer scientists will focus on different points from economists. The algorithm can also improve the accuracy of economic models. In mechanisms and market design, computer scientists have paid relatively more attention to the nuts and bolts of market mechanisms and the robustness of market institutions (Blume et al., 2015). For example, in game theory, complex models and analyses may usually make some mistakes when people deal with these problems. But on the computer, you can just type your conditions and your expected results, computer will help you find the balance and the best result. Worth mentioning, that in some cases, computer science may also give the wrong answers, just like what we do in the lecture through ChatGPT. For this condition, economists would refine the relevant models and make their own judgments.

Computer science is rational, and it means when people assign different values to computers, computers will show different results. Human nature is always uncontrollable. Thus, computers can help make the blockchain, which can help do decentration. The three challenges that plague decision-making in organizations: are uncertainty, complexity, and equivocality (Marcus, 2018). Thus, to make the balance between the AI computer and the human, the machine should deal with common problems, such as complex calculations, and improve efficiency. As a result, humans can have time to do some creative work (Marcus, 2018).

Markus, M. L. (2018). Technochange management: Using IT to drive organizational change in Business Schools. *Business Horizons*, 61(4), 577-589. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.bushor.2018.03.006

Blume, L., Easley, D., Kleinberg, J., Kleinberg, R., & Tardos, É. (2015). Introduction to computer science and economic theory. Journal of Economic Theory, 156, 1–13. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jet.2014.11.002

Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel. (1998). NobelPrize.org. Nobel Prize Outreach AB. Retrieved from https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/economic-sciences/1998/summary/

Malkhi, D. (2019). Leslie Lamport - A.M. Turing Award Laureate. Amturing.acm.org. https://amturing.acm.org/award_winners/lamport_1205376.cfm
